rich there you are
cuz you know if you don't look good we
don't look good oh I love that voice
and the winner is Ava Gardner
Oh Robert Robert what not alone Julie
father owner oh crap okay I think she's
trying to tell us something you know
whose voice that was God who is you pal
well maybe it was God doing me you know
cuz aside from being Almighty he's off
well he's a wizard voices you know what
I'm thinking
okay
how it's been so long since you've had
sex you're wondering if they've changed
it not even close
no although now that's what I'm thinking
QP who gave her our phone number okay
well who had the motive was it the actor
the chef the masseuse or was it the guy
who's dating her guy who's dating a guy
who's Dean hey Chandler when you see
Frankie tell him Joey Tribbiani says
hello he'll know what it means you sure
he's gonna be able to crack that code
this is how he wears it
how who wears it to me more do me Moore
is not a he
oh oh my god I'm sorry oh she's got
gorgeous hair you know my mom's dead
yeah paisan
can I talk to you for a sec your tailor
is a very bad man what's going on Joey's
tailor took advantage of me once ran his
hand up my leg and then there was
definite
what cupping
that's how they do pants oh my god
I'll put on a pot of coffee you know
it's something funny about sneakers I'll
be right back oh yeah I gotta get one
too
what are you guys doing we're just
hanging out by the spoons ladle uh
if he blows into one does the other one
get bigger oh you're losing your apron
here let me get it oh there you go
thank you what a bitch
oh I can't I have to take my grandmother
to the vet Monica she will kill you she
will kill you like a dog in the street
then we bought some boobs
you bought boobs
we bought bras
okay and this is funny clown funny clown
is only for after his naps not before
his naps or he won't sleep Carol we've
been through this before okay we have a
good time we laugh we play it's like
we're father and son thanks aunt Pheebs
you didn't microwave that did you
because it's breast milk and that's
supposed to do that duh I think I know
how to heat breast milk okay
like why are what this breast milk oh
maybe that is the juice squeezed from a
person what is the big deal
no yeah it tastes kind of sweet sort of
like uh like what cantaloupe juice
exactly
you've tasted it you've tasted it uh-huh
oh you've tasted it you can keep saying
it but it won't stop being true one
thing led to another and before I knew
it we were shopping wait we only did it
once it didn't mean anything to me
Yeah right really sure Rachel I was
thinking of you the whole time
look I'm sorry all right I I never meant
for you to find out
hello mr. heckles you're doing it again
we're not doing anything you're stomping
it's disturbing my Birds you don't have
birds
I could have Birds I miss Janice though
mm-hmm hello Chandler Bing ha ha oh my
god
oh she Evelyn yeah gee it's very faint
but I can still sense him in the
building go into the light mr. Haeckel
can't we just say that you believe in
something and I don't know no no Pheebs
we can't okay because it's like math one
plus one equals two I can't stand by and
let you think that one plus one might
equal three or four or yellow figure
I'll be crazy man with a snake you know
crazy snake man
now I'll get more snakes call them my
babies kids will walk past my place they
will run run away from crazy snake man
and I want you to have it I think it'll
look good in our apartment thank you
that's fine you know I think it'd be
nice if we just took a few moments for
mr. heckles I mean he was kind of a pain
he was but he was a person you're all
going to hell how about the fact that
the underwear out there on the telephone
pole is yours from when you were having
sex with fun Bobby out on the terrace
you are dead meat I didn't know is a big
secret at all you know kind of the same
lines is say oh I don't know having a
third nipple
you have a third nipple
you bitch
whip it out whip it out I can't believe
you you told me it was a nubbin
so what do you think a nubbin was I
don't know you see something you hear a
word I thought that's what it was
so what's it shaped like is there a hair
on it what happens if you flick it I
think it's nice to look nice for your
gay husband darn it we're all out of
milk hey Chandler would you fill me up
here
oh I see I see because of the third
nipple thing
oleh what
the matador so I'm straight huh yeah I
know what I don't understand I don't
understand how can you be straight I
mean you're so smart and funny and you
throw such great Academy Award parties I
know that's what I kept telling myself
but you just reach a point where you
can't live a lie anymore so how long
have you known I guess on some level I
always knew I was straight I thought I
was supposed to be something else you
know I'm an ice dancer all my friends
are games you trying to fit in and and
there's actually a woman her name's
Deborah oh well is she the first that
you've been with well I've never told
you this but there were one or two times
back in college when I get really drunk
go to straight bar and wake up with a
woman next to me but I told myself it
was the liquor and everyone experiments
in college
sure now I know I don't have a choice
about this I was born this way I I don't
know what to say I mean you know you're
married to someone for six years and you
think you know him and then one day he
says oh I'm not gay no holding ah
man I sure miss Julie Spanish midgets
Spanish midgets wrestling Julie okay yes
I see how you got there
so five of us is thirty three fifty
apiece no huh no way sorry not gonna
happen whoa whoa prom night flashback
why is he still crying mm-hmm
okay Ross I don't know what's in this
pie Kiwi Kiwi Kiwi he said it was a key
lime pie no I did nice add Kiwi lime
that's what makes it so special
that's what's gonna kill me
I'm allergic to Kiwi no you're not
you're allergic to Lobster and peanuts
oh my god
okay well if you do tell you a little
quarter smiling bring it hot okay and
there's excellent milk in the fridge
racks of diapers in the back hat milk
got personify first row I thought up a
safe zone up a throw throw throw throw
consider it done you understood that
yeah my uncle Sal has a really big
tongue where's your baby
oh that's good maybe you'll hear you
pull the cord
suck hard fighter to bite me
I'm assuming one of you is the father
husband
actually uh hmm we're both the father
well that one has ducks on his t-shirt
and this one has clowns
and Ben was definitely wearing ducks or
clowns
oh it's his property of Human Services
on his but with you you are gonna love
this honey hole boom recession right
come here come here
cheer back I've got Kiwi run Joey run